[Music]
hey guys and welcome back to my channel
today is going to be a very special
video that I've been wanting to do for
quite a long time I've really been
wanting to sit down in and you guys this
question and just kind of talk about my
skin and where it's been because it's
been through a lot and I just want to
talk to you guys and let you guys know
it worked for me and basically how I
clears my skin it's not perfect then
again I am 17 what just turned 17 last
week so I'm a teenager Dylan I'm still
going through pure year whatever and
both my parents did have acne of some
sort but it kind of runs in my genes
anyways have acuities so I still AM acne
prone this is what it looks like now I'm
not wearing any makeup or anything I'm
just wearing a little bit of moisturizer
and that's about it the first part of
this video I am just going to be talking
about where my skin has been but I will
put a time stamp somewhere around here
where I start talking about what I use
and what I use to clear up my skin so if
you guys are interested in like seeing
the back story I know I click on a lot
of how I clearing my skin to do is a lot
because I think it's interesting to like
see the drastic changes like I purposely
like watch those videos just like see
people's skin during you know like I
like seeing the before and after
pictures so throughout the video I will
be inserting pictures of the progress
that my skin has made and it was not
pretty um so yeah I'm just going to go
ahead and just talk about where my skin
has been then we'll move on to how I
decided to clear my skin up and
everything that I went through to get it
to where it is now first off I just want
to show you guys an up close to view of
what my skin looks like now after
everything I did wake up this morning
with this one over here and it's not
quite there yet but it's like in that
phase where it hurts like really bad but
it hasn't like popped up yet so it's
kind of about that my skin isn't doing
that bad right now but before this
pimple in Europe I haven't had anything
drastic like No
pimples obviously I have like blackheads
small stuff like that my nose but like
who doesn't but it is a trauma month for
me I know it might be a little bit TMI
for some people who are not girls but if
you are girl you would understand and
normally also if you're a girl you would
know that when it's a town unless you
tend to get pimples like around your
mouth and that's like you're like
hormonal stuff so it all makes sense why
that's there I just want to show you
guys an up-close view of what my skin
looks like raw naked this let's go look
like okay so I do have like some glitter
on my eyes but that's gogo and glitter
yesterday for my birthday dinner but I'm
just gonna ignore that okay so this is
my skin I'll let you guys get an
up-close view I have a lot of freckles
on my forehead so those are freckles as
you can see I have a ton of freckles on
my nose those always come out during the
summer as you can see on my forehead I
don't have any pimples this right here
is actually just it's like a little vlog
I'm going to talk about those they're on
in the video so I have like a couple of
them but they're not really pimple and I
have these because I was on vacation
recently I was wearing hat and like I
just feel like wearing hats in general
like I went to like the zoo and stuff so
I get these mostly in the summer in my
hairline from wearing hats all the time
but normally those aren't voiced there
co-opted by forehead but other than that
my fluoride is like super smooth there's
not much going on except for like the
occasional little bump on my hairline
but that's nothing compared to what my
skin used to be then over here as you
can see I have some redness but it's
completely smooth
I have no bumps over here like it's
completely just smooth and soft all of
these little dots they're not acne scars
a lot of people confuse acne scars with
hyperpigmentation I used to think that
they were scars until my dermatologist
told me nothing
we're not scars they were
hyperpigmentation which can be faded my
dermatologist told me that need to
control the acne and then once we've
gotten that taken care of then we can
move on to the fading but I haven't seen
her in a while she's on maternity leave
so I don't know when I'm going to go
back next I think I'm going to go back
in November which is quite a while from
now then again I'm going to talk to you
guys about what happened run out to the
dermatologist it on the video but right
now I'm just giving me like a close-up
and then I have that one stupid simple
and then on my nose I have just like
some blackheads just around here as
normal happens especially in the
summertime when I'm sweating a lot I'm
touching my face while I'm rubbing in
sunscreen you know the usual ephemeris
off if you ever go outside or like yeah
and over here it's pretty much the exact
same thing just a couple
hyperpigmentation spots there just
little red spots in my skin they're not
like textured you're insane and all my
channe my chin seems to be fine I just
have like a cup like a little bit of
redness but I don't have any active
pimples except for this one right here
which I'm assuming will go away
obviously on the stock gonna turn into
like a huge breakout but basically a
dots to rundown of what my skin looks
like now now I'm going to just talk to
you guys about the journey that my skin
has been through so um the office I am
going to be inserting pictures so
starting at about eighth grade I was
really really insecure of how large my
forehead lies I thought it was huge I
thought it was just the biggest thing on
my face I just thought it was so ugly or
so insecure about it so I'm constantly
be wearing hats even when I did wear eye
makeup so I rang like full face like
foundation concealer powder and then I
would just put a hat over my forehead
all the time like if you ask in my
family I was always wearing a hat I was
ordering a hat so so insecure of how
large my forehead was due to that I
started to develop really really really
bad acne on my forehead but it's not the
kind of
me the you would seen there they were
like little white bumps underneath my
forehead so they had no color like no
pigmentation like I didn't have any red
spots or anything they were just soft so
it was like really really bad texture on
my forehead and I didn't know what was
the cause of that there was no way no
chemical no face wash nothing I could
use to put on it that would make them go
away other the only thing that would
make these go away
we've using one of those little metal
extractors and I would just like push it
down and it would like pop like it would
come out and I know this is so
disgusting to talk about but they would
come out it got to the point to where
every single day I would just come home
and I would sit down at my desk or I do
- I call my god it was so bad I would
just like I would make myself a bleed
just like trying to get all of these
little things out by the time that I was
gone my forehead would be like throbbing
it would be red some hard to be purple I
would have like popped blood vessels I
was just so dead set on getting all
these out because nothing else was
working and because I would do that my
forehead was like really really damaged
the skin was always peeling and nasty
and like skin was always broken and I
write I have like scabs and it was just
really gross
all just to get these little bumps out
that I didn't know like I didn't know
why they were there I never went to the
dermatologist anything because my mom
didn't see it as a big deal I don't
remember when it started to fade but
after I'd use the extractor they kind of
started to pop up less and less and I
realized that I needed to take care of
my skin more but I had never had any
acne anywhere else except for like
whiteheads all I noticed but I was
having white hogs
on my nose and I was like seven years
old I remember my mom would like try to
get them out it would hurt so bad I
think that's just like part of dislike I
don't know it's being a kid like you're
always exploiting you know I don't know
if that's actually normal or not but I
didn't have the best hygiene as a kid
I did have hygiene but like as I came to
not gonna be wearing lot skincare and
like getting acne Tufts I didn't like
wash my face or anything and then come
eighth grade I'm like 13 years old
and I'm getting all just acting on my
forehead and I didn't know what was
causing it kind of carried on into
freshman year
- just like 2014-2015 how does a
freshman and it also went into a little
bit of sophomore year the during
sophomore year I didn't have much I just
had like the occasional pimple and it
was like the time in Amman I had never
had anything on my cheeks beyond that
was basically my skin up until sophomore
year junior year so this past school
year is when everything went back I was
so insecure of my skin I would cry I
would not step out of my house without
wearing like a full face of makeup to
just cover everything I was so
embarrassed of it because I had grown up
with like not having really really bad
acne except for like on my forehead like
I had never had a really bad pimple that
were like painful it wasn't all Oh
junior year it started in about February
this is this year so this 2017
it started in about January similar
errand I would just start out with like
a couple little dots over here and I
would just like meses them like I would
try to use the extractor on them all
these kinds of pimple creams on them and
nothing was making them go away like I
didn't know what they were they were so
painful to touch like it was almost like
I had a bruise if that makes sense like
I don't even know is really really bad
at February I think I was not February
when it started and this was also like
the peak of my youtube channel so I had
just hit 50 cakes I was wearing quite a
lot of makeup I was filming a lot I was
still and secure of my skin so I was
wearing makeup to school every day and
keep in mind this was also not towards
the end of the school year why me it
kind of not really I think into the
square generally so ironic
end of March people that's when everyone
tend to get like super tired like when
everyone gets super lazy and like you
get like junior itis or number so I
still I'm still like the routine of like
Oh waking up at 4 o'clock in the morning
everyday to like do my makeup for school
and like dress cute because I wasn't
tired of school yeah doing makeup every
day I wore makeup every day to school
full face of makeup eye shadow every
single face every day so I feel like
that had a lot to do with it um as well
I always had a really good habit of
washing off my makeup I never was the
girl that would like to keep their
makeup I always felt really disgusting
doing that like I refused to sleep and
I'm a guy will find a way to take it off
somehow I'm always repaired I was really
good with my facial facial hiking so I
didn't really know why I'm I was getting
all this stuff from March early March I
was so insecure but it was getting worse
so I decided to go to the dermatologist
for the first time so this is my first
time going to the dermatologist about my
facial skin and I sat down and I talked
to her and she looked in my skin for
like five seconds like she didn't even
really look at it good enough I don't
think that she looked at it good enough
and then this is where these came into
play she gave a glance at my skin and
she was like you need these medications
I'm going to prescribe them to you he
can go pick them up from this pharmacy
right oculi she was like you once you
start using you the skin is going to
become a little bit of sensitive might
get a little bit more oily or dry and
then it should go away and then we'll
focus on feeding on fading the
hypothermic Asian that I have in my skin
she prescribed me acts own arm which is
gabsul I believe it's 7.5% so it says I
think it's a pretty strong dosage of
this she told me to use excellent
everyday in the morning before my
moisturizer so I used excellent a little
bit of this gel all over my face in the
morning and then moisturize and I could
wear makeup over it and then she told me
use different at night
which is 0.3% which is also really
really high dosage I think of this so I
would just use different and I all over
my face before moisturizer every other
day and once I got used to it I can
start using every day because this is a
lot stronger than acts own so I did what
she told me to do for about March April
and May I did what she told me to do
every single day and I can't even
explain to you guys how freakin bad my
acne got and I hadn't gone to another
check-up with her so she hadn't seen the
progression in my skin since she had
last Amy but as you can see I'm going to
be inserting pictures how freakin bad my
skin was like it was bad like it was oh
my god it was disgusting like I didn't
know what like my skin looks so bad when
I wore makeup and also I noticed would
be different that I was beginning to get
really bad rashes all over my neck and
it was like so itchy and I don't know I
think you guys if you follow me on
snapchat you would have seen like every
day I was like oh my god what it is
rationally not going to go away like if
you remember that comment down below
that you remember that I was getting
rashes on my neck and I figured out it
was from this and so I stopped using
this every other day I started using
like maybe two or three times a week and
my acne just was not getting better it
was getting worse my skin was like
hurting it was itchy it was dry it was
like oily but dry at the same time and
it was just super painful and it just it
was making everything so much worse than
it was before and so it never got better
she said it was supposed to get like go
away it should not have taken three
months or longer for it to get better
like it should have already been gone by
then and it just was making everything
worse this is the moisturizer that she
told me to use it's called equation this
is a great moisturizer there's nothing
wrong with it it's kind of like Cetaphil
has like the same like it's just a super
plain and daily moisturizer it's for all
skin types and basically what it does is
just like
attracts water to your skin I use all my
clients cute it's just like a nice clean
moisturizer that's good for anyone and
everyone it doesn't have to do with your
skin type or anything and then I was
told to wash my face with Cetaphil or
Cetaphil and I hated I hated this wash
because it did it so bad at taking off
my makeup like all of it was just like
move around my makeup and I know a lot
of those were going to like disagree
with me on that but with this I would
use this and then I would take like some
micellar water and there would just be
so much makeup left on my face like on
the cotton pad after I was done using
this and I just didn't like it at all so
I just stopped using this so that's what
I was told used by my dermatologist for
and I did I did that for three months
straight I was told not to really use
any masks or anything that I did
occasionally um the maps that I would
use I would use the muddy body detox
mask which is an amazing amazing my
sizes videos not sponsor at all and
literally not at all in no one is
sponsoring this video though it's asking
me to like mention this product during
thing if you had to try out the muddy
body he talks about you know that like
it's genuinely in a really amazing mask
and I feel like it has helped my skin a
lot and the recipe thing I would use is
I would mix girls water teachers oil and
aloe vera into a little Bowl with the
mask instead of water because I feel
like water would make my skin like itch
would be just too dry like too crusty
for my skin and it would just be super
painful and my code just is like itchy
and cracki and I didn't like it so I
switched using that and that was like I
did wonders for my skin might acne was
definitely still there but it was
definitely going down a lot I used them
up about two or three times a week and
after I would my skin so super super
soft and like plump so I don't like that
word but it would just feel like really
nice and moisturize so come with June I
got out of school on June 2nd
so it was like right at schools ending
and like summer starting I realized that
I was going to take matters into my own
pants and this is when I decided to stop
using the freaking stuff that my
dermatologist gave me I put that stuff
away I was like you know it I'm tired of
this I'm not doing this anymore I
frickin switched into my own skincare
routine and I decided to go all natural
which I'm going to share with you guys
because everything that I'm using has
made my skin so much better than it ever
was before in just such little time so
it is literally July right now and my
skin was pure crap in the beginning of
June so I decided to take matters into
my own hands in the beginning of June I
made my own skincare routine and this is
what I have to blame for my skin
clearing up so quick and so nicely and
so yeah I'm just going to share with you
guys everything that I have been using
um basically like a little mini skincare
routine I'm not going to show you guys
how I use the products because it's kind
of common sense it's not much at all
let's just go ahead and hop right into
the good stuff okay so this is mainly my
nighttime skincare routine in the
mornings I don't wash my face I just
take a little bit of the Garnier
micellar water on a cotton pad and I'll
just rub that off just to get any oil or
dirt those on my face when I'm sleeping
so the moisturizer that I use if you
have you know clear complexion daily
moisturizer with salicylic acid acne
treatment I only use a couple chemicals
it's not completely 100% natural but
it's definitely very simple and not so
chemically so my morning skincare
routine is just micellar water which is
literally water like I've tasted this I
put this in my eyes like not on purpose
but like I've got in my eyes doesn't
even burn doesn't even taste like
anything it's literally the water like
an underscore and with my moisturizer
and this is my favorite moisturizer of
all time it just leaves your skin
feeling so freakin soft and a hotel so
like acid in here which is about the
only like acid that I like to use on my
face only harsh chemical that I ever use
on my face it's also like acid um but it
does actually work and I've been using
this for a couple years now and it is
kind of on the pricier side for like a
drugstore moisturizer it's like fifteen
thirteen fifteen dollars from like
Walmart I would do at least five or six
bottles of it at nighttime
um this is my skincare routine so the
only face cleanser face wash soap
anything that I use this is called
African
black soap and just a bar this one is
from the brand Shan launched or you can
buy it from Walmart for like four bucks
it should be comes in a bar I think they
have like a cleanser one I don't know
when I got this they didn't have all the
fancy stuff out but now they have like a
ton of different stuff pretty on black
soap in my skin it just seemed to go
really really really well together I
recommend this to a lot of my friends
too and they've also noticed a
difference after you use an african
black soap product on your face your
skin just looks so much more like bright
or like it almost changes the color of
your skin and like just takes away all
the dullness all the redness it just
makes everything so bright useful and
it's such a noticeable difference every
time you use it it's just so amazing
like it's almost addicted because you
just want to keep seeing like the
progress in your skin it just looks so
amazing and it takes off your makeup
really good too
my mama she's out with my fingers and
then shrimps it off okay I also want to
talk about this mask now it's like kind
of during a talk because it's been
sitting live out there for a while but
this is just a shame where sheer african
black soap mask this does pretty much
the same thing is this like radiance
wise but it's also a really really
really good map to use for a blemish
prone skin which i think is an accurate
thing because it really does help clear
up your acne and then after i have
washed my face with the african black
soap i will then just moisturize with my
vino clear complexion moisturizer and
then i will take just aloe vera gel I
don't have an aloe vera plant but this
one is 99% aloe vera on me combined
sushi which a this was 99 cents at like
Walmart I think but I rub this in all
over my skin it I can't even begin to
express the wonders that aloe vera can
do for anything like but especially your
skin it just it's like an it's an
antibacterial like a natural
antibacterial so it's already going to
fight off the acne bacteria it's going
to help promote healing and your skin
that's why he put on sunburns it just oh
my god it's just such an amazing product
to burn your skin you literally can't go
long it's natural by seeking aloe vera
plant if you want to do that
but I just have the gel that I already
hide in my house
so if you have aloe vera at home hop on
it just do a nomogram s every night just
rub it
slather your skin if you can never have
too much and then let it dry and then
just close that and use it before your
makeup use it as a moisturizer it's
amazing I promise you that it's going to
help your acne scarring go away and help
get rid of your acne thing I just have
two more products left to talk about
so all this like natural stuff so I have
asked the black so aloe vera I will then
take a little q-tip a little cotton swab
and just some tea tree oil um this is I
just got it for like seven dollars at my
grocery store my local grocery store and
it's just tea tree oil and I you're
supposed to dilute this with water so
you don't like burn your skin I
personally don't do that because I don't
use like an immense amount of it I'll
just like open it up and then I'll just
dip the tip of the cases in there and I
look at a lot of like make sure like
like push it aside so like any excess
like drips out and I will just go on
each one of my little spots whether it's
a pimple or not just anywhere and I'll
just go like that
and I especially put it like on the
sides of my nose and my blackheads right
here if I have like a little breakout in
my hairline or anything I'm a it does
kind of burn for a little second I know
a lot of people don't like this well a
tutorial by person if you like to smell
secure oil it kind of it's like a minty
like menthol a kind of smell so I will
do that until burn for a couple minutes
with us you know that it's working and
then lastly I'll just spray some rose
water on my face this is just going to
add more moisture to your face it argues
aloe in it so even better but I really
hope that this actually does help Samia
guys out and give you motivation to take
things into your own hand and try to fix
things on your own like I said what
works for me may not work for you I'm
gonna want to protect Ragini disclaimer
out there so yeah if you liked this
video make sure to give a thumbs up and
subscribe
walk down below and I love you all so
much again I was you guys
[Music]